### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL is a free and open-source relational database management system emphasizing extensibility and SQL compliance.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?

SQL is a tructured Query Language, human-readable language for querying. PostgreSQL is an advanced version of SQL which provides support to different functions of SQL like foreign keys, subqueries, triggers, and different user-defined types and functions.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?

psql < my_database.sql

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

WHERE : Filter which rows get included.

HAVING: Decide which group(s) having the condition.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

The INNER JOIN keyword selects records that have matching values in both tables.
The OUTER JOIN keyword returns all records when there is a match in left or right table records.


- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
The LEFT JOIN returns all records from the left table, and the matching records from the right table.

The RIGHT JOIN returns all records from the right table, and the matching records from the left table.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
ORM stands for object-relational mapping, which helps translate service between OOP in our server language and relational data in our database.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?


Client-side requests (via AJAX):
  You can do easily using AJAX libraries
  Don’t have to involve Flask in the API
  Can be faster: browser could talk directly to, say, Google Maps

Server-side requests:
    Same-Origin Policy may prevent browser requests
    Easier for server to store/process the data
    Need password to access API


- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
Cross-Site Request Forgery, which a form on any site can submit to any other site

CSRF Token:
    This is generated by the server when a form is shown
    It is included in the HTML of the form
    It is checked by the server on form submission


- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
 It generates a hidden field that includes a token that is used to protect the form against CSRF attacks